Cool iPhone 6 Plus Feature Lets You Bend Phone Just by Sitting. The iPhone 6 Plus has a lot of great new features: For one, it’s like, bigger than all the other iPhones. But by far the coolest feature of a phone people pooped in bags while waiting in line for is that if you sit with it in your pocket, it bends beyond repair.\nMacrumors reports that several iPhone 6 Plus users have found that their phones became bent after they sat or bent over with the phones in their pockets. This, of course, is totally understandable, since thinner phones are just more malleable (it’s physics).\nIf you do not wish to take advantage of this cool new feature, Macrumors says users “may want to remove their iPhones from their pockets before sitting or bending.”\nPerhaps someday we will have the technology to create pocketable phones. Someday.'
The real artist behind iconic Charlie Hebdo pencil tribute. Hours after the deadly terror attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris, a powerful image of three pencils was widely shared on social media.\nIt was posted on a popular, though unverified, "Banksy" Instagram account without any attribution to the original artist. It quickly racked up more than 100,000 likes. We shared it, too.\nBut the illustration wasn\'t by Banksy, nor did it belong to the fake "Banksy" account. It was by Lucille Clerc, a London-based graphic designer, illustrator and printmaker — and it looks way better without a filter:\nA photo posted by Lucille Clerc (@lucille_clerc) on Jan 1, 2015 at 2:12pm PST\nClerc, who shared it on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram on Wednesday night, wrote the caption: "Break one, thousand will rise." She added the hashtag #raiseyourpencilforfreedom.\nOn Thursday, Clerc told us that she wasn\'t upset about the confusion. She wrote:\nThis is irrelevant, I don’t want it to turn into polemic and distract people from the real issues. There are way more important things to talk about at the moment, and in the end what matters is that this image speaks to people, so the more it spreads the better it is. I am French and a woman and I was lucky enough to grow up in a free country. I never had to fight for my freedom of speech or opinion, neither for my right to be educated. This is my treasure, this is our most precious treasure. I believe in these values and so many people do just as much. I am truly devastated and all my thoughts are for the victims and their families, there are no words to express how much they will be missed. My drawing was a spontaneous reaction, I didn’t expect it would have such an echo. Ideas don’t break, ideas don’t die. Charlie became immortal yesterday and I hope that this terrible day will make us cherish and protect our freedom with even more wit and humour. I can only hope it will inspire people to use their pencils too and that there will be thousands of drawings like this very soon.\nAbout the attack\nTwelve people were killed in what France\'s president called a "terror attack" on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday, leading authorities to launch a massive manhunt for the gunmen, two of whom remain at large.\nThe gunmen, caught on tape by an eyewitness, shouted "Allahu akbar!" as they walked outside the building carrying large guns and dressed entirely in black. The magazine staff was in an editorial meeting, around lunchtime in Paris, when the gunmen opened fire. Eleven others were wounded; four of those injuries are serious.\nWitnesses described the gunmen as speaking perfect French.\nCharlie Hebdo has frequently drawn condemnation from Muslims. In 2011, the magazine was firebombed after it ran a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muḥammad.\nThe editor in charge of the paper was one of those killed on Wednesday. There was no immediate claim of responsibility, though supporters of militant groups like the Islamic State and al-Qaeda praised the attack online. World leaders condemned it as an attack on freedom of expression.\nAdditional reporting by Mashable staff. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Nigeria and Boko Haram 'agree ceasefire and girls' release. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "If it turns out to be true, this will be one of the biggest breakthroughs in Nigeria for decades... but many Nigerians are sceptical", says the BBC\'s Will Ross\nNigeria\'s military says it has agreed a ceasefire with Islamist militants Boko Haram - and that the schoolgirls the group has abducted will be released.\nNigeria\'s chief of defence staff, Alex Badeh, announced the truce. Boko Haram has not made a public statement.\nThe group has been fighting an insurgency since 2009, with some 2,000 civilians reportedly killed this year.\nBoko Haram sparked global outrage six months ago by abducting more than 200 schoolgirls.\nThe girls were seized in the north-eastern town of Chibok in Borno state, and their continued captivity has led to criticism of the Nigerian government\'s efforts to secure their release.\nMembers of the Bring Back Our Girls campaign said in a tweet on Friday: "We are monitoring the news with huge expectations."\n\'Cautiously optimistic\'\nAir Chief Marshal Badeh revealed the truce at the close of a three-day security meeting between Nigeria and Cameroon. He said Nigerian soldiers would comply with the agreement.\nMedia playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nigeria\'s chief of defence staff, Alex Badeh, announces the truce to the media\nNigerian presidential aide Hassan Tukur told BBC Focus on Africa that the agreement was sealed after a month of negotiations, mediated by Chad.\nAs part of the talks, a government delegation twice met representatives of the Islamist group.\nMr Tukur said Boko Haram had announced a unilateral ceasefire on Thursday and the government had responded.\n"They\'ve assured us they have the girls and they will release them," he said. "I am cautiously optimistic."\nHe said arrangements for their release would be finalised at another meeting next week in Chad\'s capital, Ndjamena.\nThe negotiations are said to have the blessing of Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau, reports the BBC\'s Chris Ewokor in Abuja.\nMedia playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Boko Haram means "Western education is forbidden" in Hausa\nSpeaking to the BBC, Nigerian government spokesman Mike Omeri said Boko Haram would not be given territory under the ceasefire agreement - and that the government would not reveal what concessions it would make.\n"We are inching closer to release of all groups in captivity, including the Chibok girls," he said.\nAnalysis: Will Ross, BBC News, Lagos\nNigerian officials had not given any indication that negotiations with Boko Haram were taking place. Even though there had been rumours of talks in neighbouring Chad, this is a very surprising development.\nIf this turns out to be true it will be some of the best news Nigerians have heard for decades.\nMany Nigerians are extremely sceptical about the announcement, especially as there has been no definitive word from the jihadists.\nSome question whether the announcement was in any way timed to coincide with the imminent announcement that President Goodluck Jonathan is going to run for re-election.\nThe military has in the past released statements about the conflict in north-east Nigeria that have turned out to be completely at odds with the situation on the ground.\nSo many here will only celebrate when the violence stops and the hostages are free.\nIn May 2013, President Goodluck Jonathan imposed a state of emergency in the northern states of Borno, Yobe and Adamawa, vowing to crush the Islamist insurgency.\nBut Boko Haram increased its attacks this year.\nThe group promotes a version of Islam which makes it "haram", or forbidden, for Muslims to take part in any political or social activity associated with Western society.\nIt frequently attacks schools and colleges, which it sees as a symbol of Western culture.\nWho are Boko Haram?\nImage copyright AP Image caption Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau is the most wanted man in Nigeria\nFounded in 2002\nInitially focused on opposing Western education - Boko Haram means "Western education is forbidden" in the Hausa language\nLaunched military operations in 2009 to create Islamic state\nThousands killed, mostly in north-eastern Nigeria - also attacked police and UN headquarters in capital, Abuja\nSome three million people affected\nDeclared terrorist group by US in 2013\nWho are Boko Haram?\nProfile: Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau\nHuman Rights Watch has reported that 2,053 civilian were killed in the first half of the year, while Amnesty International estimated that 4,000 people were killed in violence - including Nigerian military operations - in the first seven months of 2014.\nBoko Haram is seeking to establish an Islamist state in Nigeria, but its fighters often cross the long and porous border with Cameroon.\nEight Cameroon soldiers and more than 100 Boko Haram militants were killed in fighting in the far north of Cameroon on Friday, Reuters quoted the country\'s defence ministry as saying.\nIn July, Cameroon, Nigeria, Chad and Niger agreed to form a 2,800-strong regional force to tackle Boko Haram militants.